Our portal is committed to protecting your privacy that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to our Portal Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using our portal website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our portal collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Our portal also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by our portal. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by our portal for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Tixmojo. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through our portal public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Our portal does not read any of your private online communications. Our portal encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Our portal so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Our portal is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of our Portal and our Portal family of Web sites.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our portal collects and uses your personal information to operate the Tixmojo website and deliver the services you have requested. Our portal also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from our portal and its affiliates. Our portal may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
USE OF COOKIES
The Tixmojo website use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize our portal pages, or register with our portal site or services, a cookie helps our portal to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same portal website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the portal features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of Tixmojo portal services or websites you visit.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Tixmojo secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.Tixmojo secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Tixmojo will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Tixmojo encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how our portal is protecting your information.